what's up but I'm not ouija come see me
a new video as is the title of
explain how to get the beta
battlefield 4 since a lot of people
think that you can only get
buying the pack of looks we are
watching right now but tell you there are
two more ways to get it
that we must explain and I will also say
planned dates of both the beta and
of the official game so let's go with the
first way that is the most obvious
We are in the official store of origin and
As you can see we have two packs to buy the
Standard version in the deluxe version
where the difference is ten euros and
in the deluxe version aside from getting
exclusive access to the beta of
battlefield 4 we will also have
extra content that I honestly do not know
what it was about, I suppose in a
will already reveal information about the
extra content and so on and also how
we can check the deluxe version
about this for pc so the theme
consoles both ps4 ps3 and others I do not know
how will it work on xbox too
but it seems that the deluxe version only
is going to be for pc and let's go now what
most important of the two other ways
the second way and the most unknown
as we can read here
nothing else being premium debate fil 3 already
we have access to the battlefield beta
4 and I think it's something that a lot of people
I did not know and I found out a couple of
days basically and that's why I wanted
make the video to help them out
that topic and for people who do not know
also creates in the battlefield itself
as we can check in this picture
when they set the example and debate
field 4 the official facebook itself
battlefield as we can check here
confirmed that those who had the
had premium debate fritz 3 would have
access to battlefield 4 beta well
that basically translating here puts
that to clarify it all that you have
premium battlefield 3 you will have access to
the beta of 2004
basically that simple and for the
people who still do not believe it or
that he thinks is a strategy of
marketing that after not estimate not what
to be
there is another way to prove it is that
we have to go to source for example vale
and you go to your games and where you have
the battlefield 3 we make right click and
We give you to show game information
since we have two tabs details and
storage we stay in the
details tab and we go down below the
everything where we have the expansions and
As you can see , Battlefield 4 already comes out
there it goes out and to activate when it's
available is everything for people who are
He asked for the Russian version like me
example although the premium was purchased in
a Mexican proxy or things like that do not have
very clear if we really have access
lateral to the vein thus in this way
you can check it if you really have
access to the beta so I repeat the
procedure right click show
information and we go down and in
expansions you should leave the beta
of battlefield 4 and the third way that
he was also given a lot of hype but
I think a lot of people do not know it is that
buying one if you bought is the version
to the deluxe version of the medal of honor
warfighter you will also have access to
beta of battlefield 4 I really do not know
as well as can be seen
because I the version I think I have I think
that I have it I have appealed assigned
here I do not get anything in expansions like that
that the people who bought the version
deluxe the limited version if not
you are very sure the best thing is that
contact with support of and that they
themselves tell us if you really have
access or you will not have access and now
let's also do something pretty
important that about the dates as
you can read as you can read here they say
the beta due out in late 2013
summer of 2013 and the game will come out in
fall of 2013 therefore if we take
the references of vate filtres yo mis
predictions and according to the data that
we have here I suppose the beta of
battlefield 4 would come out on late
August beginning mid September
more or less and the game
I think something will come out sooner than in
Christmas because more or less as with the
bate free 3 that I think came out in
October mid-October mid
November, I more or less suppose
which will be something similar
so recapitulating more or less everything
there are three ways to get the beta
of battlefield 4 one of them is
asking for the pack of looks for pc for 70
euros
the other is being premium debate filter
is already we will have access and the third
way is being good if we buy
the limited or deluxe version of the medal
of honor and on dates the beta of
battlefield 4 would come out on late
summer or if at the end of August or
early September mid and the
official game would come between October and
November more or less that's the dates
estimated on the data we have and
nothing really on my part nothing more than
add just tell you that this is my
first video of the entire channel that is
informative and explaining topics about
news when the beta will be released and others
but I saw it quite necessary to do it
I think he has clarified many doubts
about the truth that many people I
has asked and so on so I think that
I have helped you a lot if you like this
kind of informative videos really
I'm reading enough forums
information on the subject debate
4 and others and I have a lot of information
held there that I think it can be
interesting as marc more that will come out in
the toilet four vehicles badges or what
so be it so if you like this guy
of videos I would like you to
Did you know in the comments?
for me to know that you really like them
these videos and we get bored is watching
a screen with my voice or whatever
so if informative studies
I like them so I'm going to do more
I'll try some some employment and
others so it's not so boring but
this video had to do it
with images so I saw it all 6
clear and so I do not expect anything
have helped you so for my part
nothing more than that nobody reads until then
people